Lorry on fire on M56 westbound near to J14 Time of Incident: 10/08/2015 - 14:53 Location: M56 westbound between j12 and 14 Attendance: Two fire engines from Ellesmere Port, one from Chester, one from Runcorn and one from Frodsham  Firefighters are tackling a blaze involving a lorry on the hard shoulder of the M56 westbound close to Stanlow.  The motorway is now closed in both directions and motorists are advised to avoid the area while crews deal with the incident.  Update at 15:43 The incident involves a propane tanker that is on fire.  A cordon of 1500 metres has been set up and motorists and their vehicles are being moved to a safe distance. Update at 16:07 Trains have been stopped on both the Manchester to Chester and Ellesmere Port to Helsby lines.  Air traffic control have been advised of the incident to make sure that air traffic is stopped over the area. Update at 17:17 Residents in the HELSBY, HAPSFORD and ELTON are advised to stay indoors and keep their windows and doors closed.  The Liverpool to Runcorn train line is also closed.  The closures are expected to remain in place for several hours so motorists are advised to avoid the area. Update at 17:30 Firefighters are having to remain outside the cordon due to safety concerns. They are currently working with the Police Helicopter Unit to check the temperature of the tanker and with specialist staff from the tanker company.  This incident will be updated as soon as more information is available. Update at 18:30 Firefighters have now entered the cordon along with a specialist to further assess the temperature of the tanker. Update at 18:40 Crews are now using ground monitors to spray water onto the tanker. They are working alongside specialists from Calor to ensure that this is done safely. Update at 19:00 Firefighters wearing breathing apparatus are now tackling the blaze.  There is still major disruption in the area so please avoid if possible. Update at 19:20 Good progress is being made to cool the tanker although this will continue for some time. The cordon has now been reduced to 500m. The area is still heavily congested and so drivers are urged to avoid the area if possible. Work is ongoing to assist those people already caught up in the incident.  Update at 19:50 Police are preparing to lift some of the road closures that are in place. Although, please remain patient as it is like to take some time to get things flowing again.  Meanwhile, action has also been taken to help those motorists trapped between the incident and the road closures to leave the motorway.  Update at 20:30 Crews are still damping down and plans are now being made to remove the tanker from the motorway. Hopefully, the traffic will start moving again soon. Thanks for your patience everybody.  Also rail networks are now open again.                  