Incident at industrial premises in Widnes Time of Incident: 13/08/2015 - 10:23 Location: Pickerings Road, Widnes Attendance: Two fire engines from Widnes and one from Runcorn Firefighters are currently attending an incident following reports of a possible chemical spill at an industrial premises in Pickerings Road, Widnes.  Residents in the immediate vicintity are advised to stay indoors and keep their windows and doors closed as a precaution.  Update: 12:30pm Avoid this area of Hale Bank.  Roads are closed in the area.  An evacuation of nearby premises has taken place.  Update at 12:40pm Road closures are currently in place and drivers are advised to avoid the area.  Hale Road is closed at the junction of Hale Bank Road to the south of Hale Bank Industrial Estate.  Ditton Road is closed at the junction of St Michael’s View to the north of the industrial estate.  Any casualties, anyone in the area who feels unwell is urged to contact the NHS on 111 for verbal advice.  Update at 12:50pm Crews remain at the scene and specialist gas and chemical consultants are on their way to advise on the incident.  Further details will be issued when available.  Update at 13:30pm Fire crews remain at the scene of the incident. They are currently awaiting the arrival of the Detection Identification and Monitoring team who are on their way from Merseyside. They will be able to further test the substances on site.   Update at 16:04pm Emergency services continue to work at the site of a chemical incident in Widnes.  Fire crews, in conjunction with other partner agencies, are investigating the nature of the product, which has been discovered in the drains in the Hale Bank area. Monitoring is ongoing, but a release of chlorine gas has been confirmed. This is confined to the surface water drainage system and there is no risk of it reaching the mains water supply.  There is not considered to be any serious risk to the public’s health.  The previous advice issued to seek shelter and keep windows and doors closed has been lifted for the general public in the wider Hale Bank area – however, it remains in place for those within 100m of the incident site on Pickering Road.  Update 5pm Fire crews have now left the scene of the incident. There had been a release of chlorine gas but this was confined to the surface water drainage system  Firefighters safely flushed the drains and it has been confirmed that there is no longer any trace of the product. Therefore, advice to stay indoors and keep windows and doors shut has been lifted. All cordons have also been removed.    