Major fire at former Warrington nightclub Time of Incident: 14/04/2015 - 01:54 Location: Wilson Patten Street, Warrington. Attendance: 8 fire engines and two aerial ladder platforms Shortly before 2am the Service was called to reports of a fire involving the former Mr. Smiths nightclub in Wilson Patten Street, Warrington.  On arrival the first crews found the building was heavily involved in fire and a total of eight fire engines were sent to the scene.  Crews wearing breathing apparatus set up two main jets to begin tackling the blaze.  Officers at the scene then increased attendance to 12 fire engines, including two hydraulic platforms, a High Volume and three fire engines from Greater Manchester.  Update at 03.15 Crews have divided the incident into different sectors to fight the fire with two main jets in sector 1 being used to fight the flames and protect nearby buildings. In sector 2 a hydraulic platform and the high volume pump is being set up while in sector 4 there are three main jets and a hydraulic platform.  Police and ambulance are also in attendance although there are no reports of any injuries.  Update at 03.45 Crews are continuing to use main jets to tackle the fire in the building which measures approximately 35 metres by 25 metres. The High Volume Pump has now been set up and will be increasing water supplies shortly.  Update at 04.45 The main roof of the building has collapsed. Crews are continuing to use main jets and the hydraulic platforms to bring the fire under control.  The Service is likely to be at the scene for several hours and motorists are advised to avoid the area because of likely traffic congestion during the morning rush hour.   Update at 05.30 The wind is now blowing smoke from the site across towards the town centre and people are urged to keep windows and doors closed as a precaution.   Update at 08:20 Firefighters continue to fight the fire and the electricity company is working to isolate the electricity supply to the building.  People are still advised to keep their windows and doors closed as a precaution due to hazy smoke remaining in the area. The fire is believed to be suspicious. Anyone with any information is urged to contact police on 101 or alternatively call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.  Update at 09:40 The number of fire engines at the scene has now been reduced to seven. The crews continue to spray water from all sides and the two hydraulic platforms are still up and operating. Building inspectors are due to assess the condition of parts of the building.  Update at 10:30 am - Video Here's a video from the incident showing firefighters tackling the fire:   Transcript - video from the incident showing firefighters tackling the fire (new window, PDF 66KB)  Update at 10:45am Firefighters have the fire under control with two ground monitors being used in sector one, the aerial appliance being fed by a High Volume Pump and used as a water tower in sector two, sector three also has an aerial appliance being used as a water tower and sector four has two ground monitors and water jets in use.  The smoke is now dissipating, so there is no longer any need to stay indoors however a partial demolition of the building is planned for later today which may result in some plumes of dust and smoke.  Road closures remain in place on Wilson Patten Street and Parker Street. Motorists are advised to avoid the area if possible, particularly HGVs.  Three people have been arrested in connection with the incident, a 43-year-old local man and two juveniles.  The investigation continues. Anyone with information is urged to contact Cheshire police on 101, quoting incident 63 of 14 April 2015. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111.  Update at 12pm - Video Here's a video from the incident showing smoke drifting across Warrington:   Transcript - video showing smoke drifting across Warrington (new window, PDF 68KB)  Update at 13:10 The incident has been scaled down to three fire engines and one aerial appliance at the scene. Demolition of dangerous areas of the site is due to commence.  Road closures remain in place on the A5061, Wilson Patten Street and Parker Street, and motorists are advised to avoid the area if possible, particularly HGVs. Motorist looking to access Warrington Bank Quay train station are able to do so via Sankey Street.  Seven youths have been arrested on suspicion of arson. A 43-year-old man was initially arrested but has since been eliminated from the inquiry.  The youths include four 17 year-old boys, a 16-year-old boy, 16-year-old-girl and a 15-year-old girl. They are all from the Warrington area.  Anyone with information is urged to contact Cheshire police on 101, quoting incident 63 of 14 April 2015. Alternatively you can call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.  Update at 15:00 - Video Here's a video of the incident showing some of the damage to the building:   Transcript - video showing some of the damage caused by fire (new window, PDF 233KB)  Update at 16:00 Firefighters continue to damp down at the scene using the aerial appliance and the number of fire engines is due to be reduced to two.  Demolition is underway at the site using three mechanical excavators.  Update at 21:20 One fire engine will remain at the scene overnight to check for hotspots. Demolition crews have ceased for the night and have left the site.  Update at 10:00 on April 15 One fire engine is still in attendance at the scene to check for hotspots which are being identified with a thermal imaging camera.  Update at 13:00 on April 15 One fire engine from Birchwood is currently still at this incident. The crew is currently using a ground monitor which issues water to any area of the site that flares up, during the demolition of the building.  Update at 09:30 16 April The incident has now been handed over to site contractors and the last fire engine has left the scene. The road was reopened last night.    