UPDATED JANUARY 21 - Fire in a Macclesfield pub Time of Incident: 19/01/2015 - 19:34 Location: Rainow Road, Macclesfield. Attendance: Two fire engines from Macclesfield, one from Poynton, one from Bollington, a hydraulic platform from Macclesfield and a water bowser from Derbyshire. Firefighters were called to deal with a fire in the George and Dragon pub on Rainow Road, Macclesfield.  The blaze involved the ground floor to the first floor of the building. Firefighters wearing breathing apparatus used hose reels and main water jets to tackle the blaze.  A hydraulic platform was also used to enable crews to remove roof tiles to tackle the fire from above. In addition firefighters worked to protect neighbouring properties from any fire spread.  An electrician was requested to ensure that all of the electrics were off at the site.  A fire investigation officer will be completed at the scene to determine the cause of this fire.  Updated at 08:40 on Tuesday, January 20  The adjoining property was checked for spread of fire, heat and smoke damage by a crew using a thermal imaging camera.  Highways were called to grit the nearby road due to icy conditions. Police attended and established an outer cordon around the area.  Updated at 12pm on January 20  Firefighters are currently still at the scene of this fire, monitoring the building and providing lighting for the fire investigation which is currently taking place.  Protection Delivery Manager Simon Gibbons attended the incident last night. He said: "On arrival the crews faced a fire that quickly escalated. Initially they fought the fire from inside the building using hose reels, but withdrew due to intensity of the blaze and fought it from above using the hydraulic platform.  "The crews worked well, preventing this fire from spreading to nearby properties, as they got the flames under control quickly.  "Last night was an extremely cold one so water from the hose reels was freezing on the road, hence the call for the Highways Agency to attend the scene, to grit the area."  Updated at 12:31pm on January 20 Fire and rescue crews have now left the scene.   Updated at 09:23 on January 21 Following an investigation by fire and rescue officers the cause of the fire is believed to be deliberate.  It is now under investigation by the police.  Anyone with any information is urged to call Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111 or Cheshire Police on 101, quoting incident number 745 of January 19.    