Major flooding in Poynton Time of Incident: 11/06/2016 - 16:04 Location: Poynton town centre and surrounding areas. Attendance: Six fire engines Shortly after 2pm the Service began to receive numerous calls to respond to major flash flooding in Poynton town centre and nearby homes.  Six fire engines have been sent to the scene together with water rescue boats with general flooding up to 8 inches deep after a nearby river is understood to have burst its banks.  Firefighters in wading gear have been touring the area ensuring the safety of vulnerable people unable to get of their properties.  Emergency services are advising any vulnerable people in the area who are unable to get out of their homes to go upstairs and wait for rescue.  Update at 6 pm:  Fire crews and other emergency services remain working in the area responding to a large number of individual calls and incidents.  Police have closed a number of roads in the area due to both flooding and concerns over the safety of some road bridges with motorists urged to avoid the area. Roads closed include Middlewood Road, Park Lane, School Lane and  Staines Road.   Update at 6.30 pm:   The main flooding is starting to recede rapidly but crews remain working through a number of incidents to ensure the safety of local people. Police and other services are continuing to assess the safety of local roads and a full list of closures will be issued shortly.   Update at 8.30 pm:    Crews remain at the scene visiting flooded properties and evacuating where necessary.  A number of road closures are currently in place, including: • A6 Buxton Road North at its junction with Norbury Hallow Road • A523 London Road North from Towers Road to the Junction with Chester Road • Woodford Road from Chester Road to Jackson Lane • Coppice Lane • Anson Rd.  Residents who are unable to return to their properties are advised to go to the emergency refuge centre at Adlington Village Hall, Mill Lane, Adlington, SK10 4LF.  An emergency helpline has been set up by Cheshire East Council, the number is 0300 123 5025.  Update at 11pm:   The Service has had crews from Macclesfield, Holmes Chapel, Wilmslow and Chester pumping away flood water while firefighters from Poynton have been checking areas where incidents had been reported earlier. It is expected that attendance in the area will be reduced to one fire engine overnight. There remain no reports of any casualties. The majority of roads have now reopened, although motorists are advised to drive with care as there is still a large amount of surface water in the area.  Middlewood Road will remain closed until tomorrow morning at the earliest, until a structural assessment has been conducted.  The Stockport to Disley railway line is also expected remain closed throughout the weekend, due to structural damage caused by a landslide.  Clean-up work is expected to be conducted by Cheshire East early tomorrow, Sunday 11 June, and residents with any issues can call the Cheshire East emergency helpline on 0300 123 5025.  The emergency refuge centre at Poynton Leisure Centre has now closed.     