Road traffic collision in Ellesmere Port Time of Incident: 06/10/2016 - 13:12 Location: Oil Sites Road, Ellesmere Port Attendance: Two fire engines and the foam tanker from Ellesmere Port, one fire engine from Runcorn, one from Chester, one from Northwich and one from Merseyside Fire and Rescue Service Firefighters were called to an incident on Oil Sites Road. Two tankers had been involved in a collision near to Stanlow Oil Refinery.  Stanlow's fire service closed Oil Sites Road. Commentary of the incident is as follows;  At 1.35pm  One driver received treatment from paramedics. Firefighters, two wearing breathing apparatus, inspected both tankers to see if there was any damage to the tanks. At 2.02pm, one of the tankers was found to be leaking petrol onto the road. Firefighters used blankets of foam and a covering jet in an effort to manage the spill. Although the vehicles did not collide on the main thoroughfare a part of Oil Sites Road remained closed. At 2.25pm, firefighters continued to lay blankets of foam and began damming drains and putting foam into a small gulley at the side of the road for environmental protection.  At 4.15pm  Officers in the command and control unit (CCU) were reported to be working on plans to manage the fuel leak. Firefighters used bungs to manage the fuel run off into the roadside gulley. Crews, two firefighters wearing breathing apparatus, applied a second foam blanket to the leaked fuel. The gulley was blocked to remove fuel-affected water.  At 9.00pm  Reports showed firefighters were still at the scene. More foam was added to the fuel spill and the undamaged tanker was removed from the incident site. Two foam attack stations were set up to protect the crews who began decanting fuel from the undamaged tanker.   At 9.00am on Friday 7 October  Throughout the course of the night, crews assessed the road way ahead of the cleaning procedure. Relief crews headed to the incident to help with decanting.   Samples of the ground were taken to check for hazardous chemicals and crews stood by with foam whilst jet washed products were put into a containment ditch at the roadside. Crews were able to recover the tanker and reduce the attendance of fire engines to just one.  Finally, crews finished decanting the road tanker and all teams continued to clean up the road.  At 02:25 am, crews recovered the tanker and continued to clean the road. They then reduced the attendance of fire engines to just one. Then, at approximately 07:51 am two fire engines headed to the incident. One was used to recover the foam whilst the other remained at the incident.  Later, at approximately 11.00am, the environmental agency confirmed they would be attending the incident and crews continued monitoring the air for gas. At this point, clean up operations were still in process and Oil Sites Road remained closed. Later, crews began making plans to open the road and fire engines began to leave the scene.  Sadly, it was confirmed by Cheshire Police today that the driver of one of the tankers had died.  Cheshire Police have issued the following statement: Appeal after fatal collision in Ellesmere Port  Cheshire Roads Policing Team has launched an investigation following a fatal collision in Ellesmere Port.  The collision, which involved two oil tankers, occurred at the traffic lights near to the Boat Museum on Oil sites Road, Ellesmere Port, at approximately 1.00pm yesterday, Thursday 6 October.  The driver of one of the tankers, a 40-year-old man from Leigh, was taken to the Countess of Chester hospital with serious injuries, sadly he later died.  The collision resulted in a quantity of oil to leaking onto the road, as a result of which Oil Sites Road remains closed at the current time. Diversions are currently in place for local businesses although motorists are advised to avoid the area if possible.  Anyone with any information in relation to the incident is asked to contact Cheshire Police on 101 quoting incident number 420 of 6/10/2016.  