Major industrial fire in Widnes Time of Incident: 22/03/2016 - 22:14 Location: Ditton Road (West), Widnes. Attendance: 12 fire engines, a hydraulic platform and the mobile command unit Firefighters attended a call to an industrial unit in Ditton Road (West), Widnes.  Crews from Widnes attended the scene initially and discovered a well-developed fire involving a brick building measuring approximately 30 metres by 50 metres with flames coming through the roof. A further two fire engines and a hydraulic platform were sent to the incident and this was later increased to a total of eight, together with the mobile incident command unit.  The incident was split into sectors and crews worked to prevent the fire spreading to nearby units. Police closed nearby roads. At the height of the fire 12 fire engines were required to tackle the blaze and to help increase water supplies. A number of nearby lorries were removed from the area while crews worked outside the premises to limit further fire spread acetylene in the building and increase water supplies.  The aerial platform was used, along with ground monitors to cool the area. At around 6.30am on March 23 the number of fire engines was reduced to three plus an aerial platform. A structural engineer stated that the building was unsafe and security fencing was put up. Three fire engines and the aerial platform were still at the scene, damping down the area.  The companies immediately adjacent and to the rear of the affected company were closed, as is a nearby café. Crews tacked hot spots within the affected building and damped down from the ground and from above with the aerial platform. The building affected measured approximately 50 metres by 15 metres.  Diversions and traffic calming measures were put in place all around the area. Demolition operations helped with extinguishing deep seated fires within the building.  Highways established a contra flow around water supplies which allowed for the reopening of Ditton Road. Access was gained to the last pockets of fire which were extinguished. The site was left with the building control from Halton Borough Council.    