Water rescue in Bosley Time of Incident: 10/07/2016 - 20:22 Location: Tunstall Road, Bosley Attendance: One fire engine from Congleton, one from Macclesfield, one from Knutsford, the boat and supporting fire engine from Warrington Firefighters assisted police in searching for three people who had gone into the River Dane at Bosley. Swift water rescue personnel with an inflatable raft searched the river but nobody was traced. Police confirmed that there was nobody in the water.  Cheshire Police have issued the following appeal for information:  Appeal following incident at Bosley Mill Officers from Macclesfield Local Policing team are appealing for information from the public following an incident at a Wood Mill site in Bosley.  Officers were called to the site at approximately 7.30pm on Sunday 10th July following reports that four men had entered the Bosley Mill site and were attempting to steal scrap metal.  Officers attended the scene and on arrival they arrested a 32-year-old man, from Kidsgrove, on suspicion of theft of scrap metal.  Three other men, who were all wearing dark clothing, were seen fleeing the site via the River Dane.  Staff from Cheshire Fire and Rescue Service attended the scene to assist with a search of the river Dane, but unfortunately officers were unable to trace the men.  Chief Inspector Rob Dickinson said: “This is a despicable act and we are keen to appeal for support from the public to help trace the people responsible.  This week marks the first anniversary of the explosion at Bosley Mill, and the fact that these men have attempted to use this tragic incident for their own advantage is appalling.  “I’d appeal to anyone who believes that they have any information in relation to this incident to contact the team here at Macclesfield so that we can bring these offenders to justice."  Officers are currently following a number of lines of enquiry and anyone with any information in relation to the incident is asked to contact Cheshire Police on 839 of 10/7/2016. Information can also be reported anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.  