Building fire in Runcorn Time of Incident: 25/06/2016 - 16:46 Location: Daresbury Lane, Runcorn. Attendance: Fire engines from Warrington, Birchwood, Runcorn, Frodsham, Stockton Heath and Ellesmere Port. Plus two hydraulic platforms. Firefighters were called to a report of a fire in an empty building off Daresbury Lane, Runcorn.  When they arrived crews found that a blaze had taken hold of a large three storey empty building.  A total of eight fire engines were called to the scene to help tackle the fire. Crews used main water jets and hose reels on the flames. The structure of the building was unsafe so all firefighting was conducted from the outside.  Firefighting operations stopped at just after 10pm with two fire engines remaining on the scene overnight, damping down, checking for hot spots and making sure there was no reignition.  The incident closed at 19:10 on June 26th when the incident was handed over to Cheshire Police.  It is not yet known how the blaze started but an investigation has been launched. If you have any information that you think may be helpful please call Cheshire Police on 101 and tell them what you know.  Photos For more photos of this incident please visit our Flickr page (opens in new window)  POLICE STATEMENT ISSUED 27/06/2016 Appeal for information following fire in Daresbury  Officers from Cheshire Police are appealing for information from the public following a fire in Daresbury.  The incident at Daresbury Hall, Daresbury Lane, near Warrington, was reported at approximately 5.00pm on Saturday 25th June. Officers attended the scene and assisted with road closures in the local area.  Cheshire Fire and Rescue Service attended the incident and the fire has since been extinguished. The fire, which caused severe damage to the building, is believed to have been started deliberately and the incident is being treated as arson.  Officers from Cheshire Police remain in attendance at the scene and a full investigation has now been launched.  Anyone with any information in relation to the incident is asked to contact Cheshire police on 101 quoting incident number 691 of 25/6/2016. Information can also be reported anonymously to Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.     ENDS  