Fire involving a disused building at an infant school in Ellesmere Port Time of Incident: 01/08/2017 - 17:10 Location: St Saviours Roman Catholic Infant school, Seacombe Drive, Ellesmere Port Attendance: Five fire engines including two from Ellesmere Port, one from Crewe, one from Widnes and one from Bromborough (Merseyside Fire and Rescue Service). And an aerial ladder platform and supporting fire engine from Chester. Fire involving a disused building at an infant school in Ellesmere PortFive fire engines and an aerial ladder platform were sent to reports of a fire in a disused building at an infant school on Seacombe Drive in Ellesmere Port. On arrival, firefighters found that the building was well alight. There was lots of smoke.  Police set up a cordon around the incident.  Fire crews used one hose reel, one aerial ladder platform, one thermal imaging camera, one ground monitor and lighting to tackle the fire. Two firefighters wore breathing apparatus.   Residents living close to the school were evacuated, and a  local rest centre was opened for them.  The residents returned to their properties just after 11pm, with advice to keep doors and windows closed throughout the night  Update at 10:30am on 2nd August Investigation launched following Ellesmere Port fire  Aerial ladder platform and police helicopter at a fire in Ellesmere PortCheshire Police has launched an arson investigation following a serious fire at a school in Ellesmere Port.  The fire at St Saviours School, Seacombe Drive in Great Sutton, was reported to officers shortly after 5.20pm on Tuesday 1st August.  Officers from Cheshire Police, and colleagues from Cheshire Fire and Rescue Service, swiftly attended the scene to find that a disused building at the rear of the site was well alight.  As a result of the fire approximately 20 residents from adjacent properties were evacuated from their homes and a number of local roads were closed while firefighters dealt with the incident. Residents were allowed to return to their homes shortly after 11pm.  Residents are asked to avoid the area at the current time as the structure is extremely dangerous. Officers and firefighters remain at the site and work to stabilise the structure is expected to start later today; Security staff will be in place to secure the site whilst this work takes place.  Aerial ladder platform tackling a fire in Ellesmere PortInspector Ian Stead from Ellesmere Port Local Policing Unit said: “This was a deliberate act which has cost the taxpayer thousands of pounds and could have could have had very serious consequences. Thankfully on this occasion nobody was injured as a result of the incident, although the fire did cause major disruption for a number of local residents.  “Investigation officers from fire and police have now confirmed that the fire was started deliberately. Officers are following a number of lines of enquiry, including CCTV analysis, forensics and speaking to local residents. In addition, a 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of arson; he is currently assisting us with our enquiries.  “As part of the investigation I’m keen to hear from anyone who was in the area around the time of the incident and believes that they may have witnessed anything suspicious. I urge anyone with any information in relation to this incident to contact the team here at Ellesmere Port on 101.”  Steve Barnes, Cheshire West Group Manager from Cheshire Fire and Rescue Service, added: “Arson is a serious crime. With incidents like these it is only a matter of time before someone sustains serious injury or, worse, is killed. We work very closely with the police and other partner agencies to tackle this on-going issue of deliberate fires and this will continue, but we also need residents to be aware and help us where they can.  “Arson is extremely dangerous, fire spreads quickly so what may seem like a small fire can easily become out of control. Not only do these fires put the lives of firefighters at risk, they also cause considerable danger to the public because responding to incidents of arson could delay firefighters in getting to a real emergency. What arsonists don't realise is that it could be their friends of family members who are in need of rescue in an emergency.”  Anyone with any information in relation to the incident is asked to contact Cheshire Police on 101 quoting incident number 693 of 1/8/2017.        