Warehouse fire in Widnes Time of Incident: 20/04/2017 - 18:57 Location: Tan House Lane, Widnes. Attendance: 15 fire engines and an aerial appliance attended at the height of the blaze, plus relief crews from across the area attended at various stages Firefighters were called to a report of a fire on Tan House Lane in Widnes. When they arrived they were confronted with a large blaze involving a warehouse and an amount of plastic and cardboard. This caused a huge plume of black smoke that could be seen for miles. 15 fire engines and an aerial appliance attended the scene and the site was  fully evacuated while crews tackled the blaze with hose reels and main water jets.  Roads surrounding the incident were closed and people were advised to stay away and keep doors and windows shut nearby.  At 11pm most of the roads were opened and Public Health England issued the following advice for anyone who may have inhaled smoke. They said: "It’s important that local residents understand that the risks to their health are low, however because any smoke is an irritant, it can make people’s eyes and throat sore. People with asthma and other respiratory conditions may be particularly susceptible to the smoke and should carry and use their medication (such as inhalers) as usual. The general advice therefore remains that if possible people should try to remain out of the smoke. If you have any concerns about the smoke’s impact on your health please call your GP surgery for advice, following any instructions for out of hours services, or contact the NHS 111 service (which is free from both landlines and mobiles and open 24/7)."  By midnight the number of fire engines was reduced to 10 and good progress was made but crews who remained at the scene throughout the night.  The following day, April 21st, firefighters continued to tackle the fire. Special booms were laid to stop water sprayed onto the fire from entering the River Mersey. This ensured that every effort was made to protect the environment.  A structural engineer assessed the building and deemed it safe, so a fire investigation into the cause of this fire was undertaken , although it was not believed to be suspicious. Hot spots of fire were still being damped down by the crews over the weekend and at 9:31am on April 24 the firefighters handed the site over to the owners.  Photos For more photos please visit - Warehouse fire in Widnes (opens in new window)  