Ongoing - Fire in Warrington Time of Incident: 02/02/2017 - 23:03 Location: Station Road in Latchford, Warrington. Attendance: Fire engines, which included relief crews, from Stockton Heath, Warrington, Penketh, Widnes, Birchwood, Crewe and Chester. Firefighters were called to a report of a building fire on Station Road in Warrington. When they arrived crews were confronted with a blaze involving some cabins that were believed to contain pumps. Extra fire were called to the scene to ensure that the fire could be dealt with safely. They battled the fire with main water and hose reel jets. People living nearby were advised to keep their windows and doors shut.  Firefighters tackled the fire throughout the night to bring the blaze under control. They then continued to damp down the fire ground and deal with deep seated pockets of fire.  Updated at 10am on Friday, February 3 Relief crews took over at various points during the evening to fight this fire and are still in attendance, checking the area and damping down hot spots of fire. Firefighters are liaising with demolition crews and the site occupier for the removal of materials from the building.  Updated at 14:00 Crews are continuing to damp down the area and are waiting for a mechanical digger for assistance to move materials and allow access to hot spots of fire.  Updated at 16:00 A crew is still at the incident but has withdrawn to an area of safety while work demolishing the building is carried out using a digger. The firefighters will go in and damp down any remaining hot spots as required.  Lynsey McVay, Service Delivery Manager for Warrington said: “Firefighters battled to extinguish this fire and worked extremely hard preventing it from spreading. Due to the size of the blaze crews set up a relay system to enable them to get sufficient water to the site from nearby sources.  “It is suspected that this fire was started deliberately, so we are working closely with our colleagues at Cheshire Police to establish the cause of the fire and would urge anyone with any information to get in touch.” 