 Chemical incident in Ellesmere Port Time of Incident: 13/09/2018 - 10:37 Location: North Road, Ellesmere Port Attendance: Eight fire engines are in attendance - two from Ellesmere Port, two from Northwich, one from Powey Lane, one from Crewe, one from North Wales and one from Merseyside Firefighters were called to reports of an incident involving two chemicals at Vauxhall Motors Ltd on North Road in Ellesmere Port.  No casualties were reported.  11.20am The incident is contained within the building.  Firefighters have now set up an inner cordon at the premise for safety.  Police are in attendance.  11.45am Eight fire engines are now in attendance - two from Ellesmere Port, two from Northwich, one from Powey Lane, one from Crewe, one from North Wales and one from Merseyside.  Firefighters are currently liaising with on-site staff in dealing with the incident.  12.12pm Two firefighters wearing specialist gas tight suits have entered the building and are checking the temperature inside. Decontamination is now underway.  1.20pm It has now been confirmed that the incident was caused by two chemicals being accidentally combined and creating gases.  The two chemicals are contained within a bulk container at the site.  The premises has been partially evacuated but no nearby premises have been evacuated.  A road closure has been put in place on North Road as emergency services work at the scene. Motorists are advised to avoid the road.  Although there is not believed to be any wider risk to the public, some people living in the immediate vicinity are being asked to close their windows and doors as a precaution.  3.15pm There is no visible sign of gas outside the premises and fire crews are satisfied that there is no risk to the public.  There is also no longer any signs of gas coming from the bulk container.  Firefighters wearing breathing apparatus have begun ventilating the building.  5.30pm Staff have been returning to the building and firefighters are working with staff to ensure the building is safe for the business to return to normal.  7:11pm Incident closed.  