 House fire in Macclesfield Time of Incident: 28/11/2018 - 00:53 Location: Hulley Place, Macclesfield Attendance: Six fire engines attended - two from Macclesfield, one from Bollngton, one from Poynton, one from Alsager and one from Offerton in Stockport - as did an aerial ladder platform from Lymm Firefighter tackling a house fire in Macclesfield  Shortly before 1am firefighters were called to reports of a house fire in Hulley Place, Macclesfield.  On arrival crews discovered that the fire was on the first floor and roof space of a terraced property and that all persons were accounted for.  They also found that a casualty was suffering from the affects of smoke inhalation.  The casualty was handed over to the care of paramedics and taken to hospital.  Firefighers established a water supply and a cordon was set up and a road was closed as emergency services worked at the scene.  Initially two firefighters wearing breathing apparatus used a hose reel jet to fight the fire from outside the house and a covering jet was set up.  A second hose reel jet was later used and an aerial platform enabled firefighters to fight the fire from above.  Once the fire was under control four firefighters wearing breathing apparatus went into adjacent houses to check if the fire had spread to them.  Two ladders, of 13.5 metres and seven metres, were used to help firefighters investigate if the fire had spread.  Firefighters using thermal imaging cameras and torches to check for hotspots found that the fire had not spread to other properties.  They did not go into the house that had been on fire due to structural concerns as a result of the fire.  Once there were no signs of fire in the property firefighters used a hose reel jet to damp down the affected areas throughout the night.  They also used a thermal imaging camera to check for hotspots.  Once firefighters were satisfied that the property was safe from fire they handed the incident over to the owner.  They were in attendance for around 10-and-a-half hours.  Police also attended to manage traffic.  A fire investigation into the cause of the incident is currently ongoing.  