 Fire at a hospital in Warrington Time of Incident: 23/03/2018 - 13:28 Location: Lovely Lane, Warrington Attendance: Eight fire engines are currently in attendance – one from Penketh, one from Birchwood, one from Widnes, one from Runcorn, one from Lymm and three from Greater Manchester – as well as a hydraulic platform from Lymm Warrington hospital fireAt 1.28pm firefighters were called to a person's reported fire in the administration block at Warrington Hospital.  On arrival crews found that all persons were accounted for and that the fire was in the loft space of the brick construction measuring 40 metres by 20 metres.  UPDATED AT 2.10pm  Firefighters set up covering jets and hose reels to fight the fire.  Two firefighters wearing breathing apparatus fought the fire with hose reel jets from inside and outside the building.  A hydraulic platform was in attendance to help fight the fire from above.  UPDATED AT 2.30pm  There were eight fire engines, including three from Greater Manchester, and a hydraulic platform in attendance.  Firefighters used a ladder and removing roof tiles to access the area where the fire was.  Police and the ambulance service were in attendance and there were no casualties, with all persons accounted for.  UPDATE AT 2.45pm  The fire involved the roof of the Kendrick wing of the hospital, which is a two-storey administration block of traditional brick and slate construction.  The fire involved 30 per cent of the roof.  Two firefighters wearing breathing apparatus continued to fight the fire.  UPDATE AT 3.25pm  The hospital was operating as normal as the fire was isolated to one part of the site.  UPDATE AT 3:46pm  The main fire was now out and firefighters were damping down and hot spotting. Crews worked with hospital staff to salvage property from the building.  UPDATE AT 8.27am Saturday 24 March  Firefighters made a last check for hotpots using a thermal imaging camera and found nothing of concern, site was being handed back to staff.  Video Fire at Warrington hospital (new window, Movie 927KB)  