 Fire at a detached garage that spread to two houses in Willaston Time of Incident: 08/04/2019 - 14:40 Location: Oak Bank Close, Willaston Attendance: Four fire engines initially attended - one from Crewe, one from Nantwich, one from Sandbach and one from Winsford - as did an aerial ladder platform from Chester. Five relief crews also attended, one from Tarporley, one from Crewe, one from Alsager, one from Ellesmere Port, one from Northwich Fire at a detached garage in WillastonFirefighters extinguished a fire at a detached garage in Oak Bank Close, Willaston, that spread to two houses.  On arrival crews found a vehicle inside the detached garage well alight and that everyone was accounted for.  A water supply was set up and four firefighters wearing breathing apparatus began using two hose reel jets and a main jet to fight the fire. A covering jet was also set up.  The fire initially spread to the roof space of a house next to the garage.  Two firefighters wearing breathing apparatus went into the property to fight the fire internally with a hose reel jet.  They later came out of the address to fight the fire from outside.  A fire crew wearing breathing apparatus then went into another house, at the other side of the garage, to inspect its roof space.  An aerial ladder platform from Chester enabled firefighters to fight the fire from above.  Aided by the platform, firefighters stripped out burnt materials from the roof space of the second house they entered, which was also affected by the fire, and removed roof tiles and facias at the first house they went into in order to expose affected roof timbers.  At the same time, firefighters cut away plaster boards inside one of the houses to expose roof timbers.  The electricity supplies to both houses were isolated and once the fire was under control two thermal imaging cameras were used to check for hotspots.  Firefighters damped down and removed the garage’s contents, including the burnt vehicle.  They also damped down the garage and the areas of the houses affected by the fire.  No-one was injured as a result of the fire, although two residents were checked over by paramedics.  The fire is believed to have been started accidentally.  Firefighters dealt with the fire over a 22-hour period.     