 Boy rescued from a canal in Warrington Time of Incident: 15/09/2019 - 19:20 Location: Lockton Lane, Warrington Attendance: Three fire engines attended, one from Penketh, one from Widnes and one from Warrington At 7.20pm firefighters were called to a report of a male being in a canal in Lockton Lane, Warrington. On arrival crews found that he could not get out of the water. A tethered firefighter got into the canal and got the boy out of it. Firefighters then administered first aid to the casualty before handing him over to the care of paramedics. He was taken to hospital via an ambulance. Firefighters were in attendance for around 50 minutes. Police also attended and are investigating the matter. Cheshire Constabulary has issued the below appeal regarding the incident:  Appeal after boy is pushed into canal in Warrington Detectives are appealing to the public for information and footage following an incident in Warrington.  At around 7pm on Sunday 15 September a 14-year-old boy from the town was accosted by a small group of teenage boys as he sat near Sankey Brook.  One of the three boys then pushed him in the water by the footbridge near Lockton Lane.  The victim was unable to get out of the canal.  The incident was reported to emergency services and the boy was pulled out of the water by firefighters.  He was taken to hospital via an ambulance and has since been discharged.  Enquiries in relation to the incident are ongoing and detectives are urging anyone who was in the area and witnessed anything that may aid their investigation to get in touch.  They also want to hear from anyone who believes they may have footage regarding the incident or the three teenage boys that accosted the victim.  One of the boys was on a bicycle.  Detective Constable Darren Burns, of Warrington CID, said: “Thankfully the victim was rescued by firefighters and is now back home after being assessed by doctors in hospital.  “The consequences of this incident could have been far worse.  “I would like to reassure residents that this is believed to be an isolated incident and we are determined to establish the identities of the teenage boys involved and make them face the consequences of their actions.  “Enquiries are ongoing and I urge anyone with information or footage that may be relevant to our investigation to contact the team here at Warrington CID.”  Anyone with information or footage that may aid detectives with their investigation is asked to call Cheshire Constabulary on 101, quoting IML 514157, give the details via https://www.cheshire.police.uk/contact/general-enquiries or contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. 