 Fire at timber yard in Congleton Time of Incident: 24/09/2019 - 00:42 Location: Mountbatten Way, Congleton Attendance: Twelve fire engines, including relief crews, have attended - one from Congleton, one from Sandbach, two from Macclesfield, one from Alsager, one from Warrington, one from Crewe, one from Knutsford, one from Penketh, one from Northwich, one from Winsford and one from Ellesmere Port - and an aerial ladder platform from Lymm Fire at timber yard in Congleton2am Firefighters are currently tackling a large blaze at a timber yard on Mountbatten Way in Congleton.  A cordon has been put in place and crews are using two main jets and a hose reel jet to fight the fire.  At least 10 people have been evacuated from nearby properties and residents are being advised to close their windows and doors as a precaution.  8am Firefighters have tackled the blaze throughout the night using three main jets.  They have also been monitoring temperatures with a thermal imaging camera.  The fire is under control and residents that were evacuated have been allowed to go back into their properties.  A plan has been put in place to remove the timber that has not been affected by the fire.  At 4.40am firefighters wearing breathing apparatus began damping down the areas affected by the fire using two hose reel jets.  Later one main jet and one hose reel jet was used.  9am The number of fire engines at the scene have been reduced and residents are still being advised to keep their windows and doors shut and to stay away from the scene.  11am Smouldering timber has been removed from the site and crews are making good progress with damping down the affected areas.  1pm A small amount of smouldering remains at the site and crews are continuing to damp down the affected areas. 3pm A digger is being used to expose hotspots and a main jet is being used to damp them down. 4.30pm Good progress is being made as firefighters continue to damp the areas affected by the fire down to make them safe, aided by a digger to expose hotspots. This incident will be updated when more information becomes available.  25 September - 12pm There are now no signs of hot spots and the timber is waiting to be recovered.  Crews will temporarily leave the site while the debris is removed.  26 September - 8am Yesterday evening two hose reels were used to fully dampen down the area.  Building fire and oil debris was all dug out and checks were made with the thermal imaging camera which found no signs of any hot spots.  Firefighters have now left the scene and handed the site back to the occupier.  1 October The fire is being investigated by Cheshire Police as arson. Anyone who has any information is asked to contact Cheshire Police on 101 quoting IML 521269 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.  