 Fire at supported living complex in Crewe Time of Incident: 08/08/2019 - 16:33 Location: Rolls Avenue, Crewe Attendance: At the height of the fire a total of 16 fire engines from across the county - and Staffordshire - attended, as did with two aerial platforms Shortly after 4.30pm firefighters were called to reports of a fire at a supported living complex in Rolls Avenue, Crewe.  On arrival crews discovered that the fire was in the roof space.  It was initially affecting an area of the building measuring approximately 15 metres by 20 metres.  A full evacuation of the three-floor complex began and firefighters started devising a plan of action in terms of the best way to fight the fire.  Update at 5.30pm  The fire had breached the roof space.  Safe evacuation of the building was taking place.  Two external jets and two sets of breathing apparatus were being in used.  A 360-degree survey of the site was being conducted.  Update at 6.30pm  Crews continued to fight the fire, which at that point involved approximately 20 per cent of the building.  Twelve fire engines were in attendance and firefighters were using main jets and hose reel jets to fight the fire from a ground level.  Crews were also fighting the fire from above using a hose reel jets and an aerial ladder platform.  Police were also in attendance, assisting with the transportation of residents to an emergency refuge centre.  A number of road closures were in place and members of the public were asked to avoid the area to enable emergency services to deal with the incident.  Update at 7.30pm  Firefighters were continuing to fight the fire.  Crews were using hose reel jets and main jets, as well an aerial ladder platform.  Road closures were in place and residents nearby were urged to keep their windows and doors closed as a precaution.  Any relatives with any concerns were asked to call Cheshire Police on 101, quoting IML 480541  Update at 10pm  Firefighters remained at the scene of the blaze in Rolls Avenue, Crewe.  There were 16 fire engines in attendance and crews were using hose reel jets, main jets and high volume pumps to tackle the blaze.   Two aerial platforms were also being used.  The building, which had been split into several operational sectors, had sustained significant damage and had partially collapsed.  Road closures remained in place in the local area. Residents living nearby continued to be urged to keep their windows and doors closed as a precaution.  Update at 2am on Friday 9 August  The following update was issued to the media:  Firefighters are continuing to tackle a blaze at the supported living complex in Crewe.  Shortly after 4.30pm on Thursday 9 August Cheshire Fire and Rescue Service was notified of a fire at the site in Rolls Avenue.  There are currently 16 fire engines from across the county - and Staffordshire - at the scene and firefighters will remain there overnight and into the morning.  Crews, wearing breathing apparatus, are using a variety of equipment to fight the fire from the ground including hose reel jets, main jets and high volume pumps.  They are also using two aerial platforms to tackle the blaze from height.  The building, which has been split into several operational sectors, has sustained significant damage and has partially collapsed. When crews first arrived at the scene they discovered that the fire was in the roof space of the building.  A 360-degree survey of the site was carried out and firefighters devised a plan of action in terms of the best way to fight it.  Crews are tackling the blaze from inside and outside the building however, this has been hampered due to the partial collapse of the building.  A number of road closures remain in place overnight and into the morning.  They include:  Minshull New Road at the junction with Rolls Avenue. Badger Avenue at the junction with Minshull New Road. Frank Webb Avenue at the junction with Badger Avenue. Underwood Lane at the junction with Windsor Avenue. Residents living nearby are advised to keep their windows and doors closed as a precaution.  Update at 12 noon  The following update was issued to the media:   Crews are using the area ladder platform to gain access to the roof and remove tiles and are continuing to use a hose reel and ground monitors to damp down the affected areas.  The number of fire engines at the scene are being reduced to five appliances.  Any donations of blankets, clothing and food can be dropped off at the Community Room at Crewe Fire Station.  A number of road closures remain in place overnight and into the morning.  They include:  Minshull New Road at the junction with Rolls Avenue. Badger Avenue at the junction with Minshull New Road. Frank Webb Avenue at the junction with Badger Avenue. Underwood Lane at the junction with Windsor Avenue. Residents and relatives who have any concerns about social care and accommodation with regards to the fire and Beechmere in Crewe, can call Cheshire East Council's 24-hour helpline on 0300 123 5025.  Update at 4pm The following update was issued to the media:  Our firefighters have been working extremely hard to tackle the fire at Beechmere, Crewe.  They worked throughout the night, all day today, and will remain attendance until the fire is fully extinguished.  Our main priority is the safety of the local community and due to the structural stability of the building the safety cordon will remain in place.  Unfortunately, this means that residents who were evacuated from their homes will not be able to return tonight.  The number of fire engines has now been reduced to four and firefighters are continuing to dampen down. The majority of the fire has been extinguished, although there are still pockets of fire.  In addition crews are also using two aerial ladder platforms to get water onto the fire from above.  A control unit is also on site to enable senior officers to co-ordinate the incident.   A demolition crew has been requested at the scene to assist with the demolition of parts of the building which are structurally unstable. The work will enable firefighters to fully extinguish the fire.   A number of road closures remain in place overnight and into the morning. They include:  Minshull New Road at the junction with Rolls Avenue.  Badger Avenue at the junction with Minshull New Road.  Frank Webb Avenue at the junction with Badger Avenue.  Underwood Lane at the junction with Windsor Avenue.  Residents and relatives who have any concerns about social care and accommodation with regards to the fire and Beechmere in Crewe, can call our 24-hour helpline on 0300 123 5025.  Could anyone who left the scene at Beechmere last night to go with family or friends, please contact us on 0300 123 5025 so that we can undertake a welfare check and begin the process of planning future accommodation.  Firefighters would like to thank the local community for their continued support and generosity.  Update at 8.30am on Saturday 10 August Crews continued to work at the Beechmere site in Crewe to ensure that the fire was fully extinguished.  Firefighters worked through the night damping down remaining hotspots. A specialist building team had arrived at the site, with work beginning to help spread the remaining materials. This was part of the damping down process and enabled firefighters to check for remaining hotspots and tackle any flare-ups.  Neighbouring residents were advised to keep their windows and doors closed while this work was undertaken.  There had otherwise been no significant changes or developments overnight.  Road closures remained in place.  Update at 9am on Sunday 11 August Firefighters worked alongside the specialist building team for most of Saturday, spreading material and identifying and dealing with hotspots that occurred. Meanwhile, firefighters remained at the scene to monitor the situation and deal with anything that arose throughout the day.  There were two fire engines in attendance, with the command unit still running operations from the site.  A cordon remained in place on Rolls Avenue. Unfortunately the residents who were displaced from their homes on Royce Close and Railton Avenue were unable to return to their homes for their safety.  The Cheshire East Council 24-hour helpline was available for updates and information relating to accommodation and the recovery.  Update at 3.49pm on Monday 12 August The following information was given to the public:  If your vehicle is parked in the Beechmere residential complex car park in Crewe you are now able to retrieve your vehicle (between the hours of 9am-6pm until Friday) if you have your vehicle keys and identification. Please make yourself known at Your Housing Group’s emergency mobile office, which is situated on Rolls Avenue and Frank Webb Avenue. It is open between 9am and 6pm on weekdays. For help outside of these hours, residents affected by the Beechmere fire can call the out of hours helpline on 0330 135 9019.  Staff from Your Housing Group will confirm that you own the vehicle and a firefighter will drive your vehicle off the site for you. This is for your own safety. Please do not try to recover the vehicle from the car park yourself.  Please note, this is being facilitated for the collection of vehicles only.  Update at 8.53am on Tuesday 13 August The specialist building team had returned to the site to continue their work while firefighters continued to check the area for hotspots.  Update 11.35am The operation had finished and firefighters were leaving the scene.  There were no longer any road closures in place and neighbours living in Royce Close and Railton Avenue were told that they could return to their homes.  The investigation into the circumstances continues.  For more information Community praised as firefighters tackle blaze  Fire at residential complex in Crewe  Neighbouring residents allowed to return home following major fire in Crewe  Investigation launched into Beechmere fire  Photos - Fire at supported living complex in Crewe (opens in new window)  