 Moorland fire at Lyme Park Time of Incident: 18/04/2019 - 16:08 Location: Lyme Park, Disley Attendance: Ten fire engines were in attendance. Four from Cheshire Fire and Rescue Service - from Congleton, Poynton, Bollington and Wilmslow. Six from Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service - from Stockport, Offerton, Marple, Cheadle, Stalybridge and Whitehill. Along with one water bowser. Relief crews later attended from Sandbach, Holmes Chapel, Penketh, Birchwood and Macclesfield Lyme Park fire At approximately 4.10pm firefighters were dispatched to reports of a fire in the grounds of Lyme Park in Disley.  On arrival the crews discovered a large moorland fire covering approximately two square kilometres.  Firefighters began using hose reel jets to tackle the fire and prevent it from spreading to a nearby woodland area.  There are no reports of any injuries.  However, as a result of the incident Lyme Park has been closed to the public and visitors are advised to stay away.  Update at 6.10pm Moorland Fire Lyme ParkFirefighters are continuing to tackle the fire in the grounds of Lyme Park.  There are now 10 fire engines in attendance - from Congleton, Poynton, Bollington, Wilmslow, Stockport, Offerton, Marple, Cheadle, Stalybridge and Whitehill.  The fire is located on a large moorland area south of Knightslow woods.  Firefighters are using hose reel jets, water backpacks and beaters to tackle the fire.  They are also using specialist moorland firefighting equipment from  Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service.  The park remains closed. Residents in the nearby area are advised to keep their windows and doors closed as a precaution. Lyme Park fire  Update at 7.40pmLyme Park fire A total of 10 fire crews remain at the scene.  They are being supported by the Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service Wild Firefighting Unit.   Firefighters are currently tackling the blaze on three fronts to prevent it from spreading to nearby woodland areas.  Residents in the nearby area reminded to keep their windows and doors closed as a precaution.   Update 9.30pm The fire is now under control and the incident has been scaled back to four fire engines.  The fire has affected an area covering six hectares.  The area will be monitored overnight by firefighters with hose reel jets and beaters to ensure that the fire does not flare up again.  Relief crews are in attendance.  The relief crews that were called to the incident were from Sandbach, Holmes Chapel, Penketh, Birchwood and Macclesfield.  Update 8.10am Friday 19 April Crews remain at the scene to monitor the situation using thermal imaging cameras. They are also using a light mobile pump, hose reel and water backpacks.  Update 9.30am The teams have assessed the area and there are believed to be no signs of fire. Crews are working with National Trust staff to retrieve equipment such as hoses, and are packing up equipment.  Update 10.34am Firefighters are making a final check of the fire front with park rangers. Lyme's house, gardens and park are back open for visitors with all events running as planned. There will be a section of the parkland closed off due to yesterday's fire.  Update 11.20am Crews have packed up and have left the scene  Photos For more photos please visit our Flickr page - Lyme Park fire (opens in new window) 