 Large fire at an industrial site in Runcorn Time of Incident: 14/02/2019 - 23:53 Location: Northwich Road, Runcorn Attendance: Attendance:  Thirteen fire engines attended, including seven relief crews, as did an aerial ladder platform from Lymm. The fire crews were from Runcorn, Widnes, Lymm, Warrington, Penketh (two), Stockton Heath, Northwich, Ellesmere Port, Middlewich, Holmes Chapel, Powey Lane and Birchwood Large fire at an industrial site in RuncornFirefighters extinguished a fire at an industrial site on Northwich Road in Runcorn having worked through the night.  On arrival at British Gypsum-Isover Ltd shortly after midnight the crews discovered that the fire was coming from a large chimney that releases fumes.  They also found that all persons were accounted for.  The site – an industrial building measuring approximately250 metres by 150 metres with three mezzanine floors – was shut down and the gas and electricity supplies to it were isolated.  Firefighters set up a water supply and discovered that the product involved in the fire in the ducting and chimney stack was fibre glass insulation.  After liaising with on-site personnel a plan of action was established.  Three firefighters wearing breathing apparatus used a 45mmjet to direct water into the base of the chimney via its first floor opening.  As they were doing this five workers, under the supervision of firefighters, were allowed to monitor an essential glass furnace process due to the risks posed by shutting processors down and leaving them unattended.  Firefighters also used two hose reel jets to fight the fire.  Due to the height of the chimney firefighters were unable to get water down it from above using an aerial platform ladder.  The platform was used to check for fire spreading in ducting connected to the chimney.  With the fire dying down at the head of the chimney, an inspection of the ducting took place in liaison with an on-site expert.  An inspection hatch on ducting was removed and two firefighters wearing breathing apparatus gained access to the roof space of the building and used a hose reel jet to fight fire that had spread to it.  They made good progress with the fire, as did the two firefighters wearing breathing apparatus that were tackling the fire on the first mezzanine floor.  Once the fires were under control crews damped down the affected areas to make them safe.  They also used a thermal imaging camera to check for hotspots.  Shortly after 8.30am a seat of fire was discovered above the roof level where ducting enters the chimney stack.  Electrics to the control panel were isolated from the groundfloor and firefighters extinguished the fire, which was difficult to access, with a hose reel jet.  Firefighters also working with on-site maintenance workers to check all light fittings at the industrial site and inspect the air conditioning.  A large amount of water used to fight the fire run off from the site. The Environment Agency was informed of this.  After withdrawing from the site for half-an-hour to allow engineers time to open doors and cool the system down, firefighters extinguished smouldering hotspots in the roof area with a hose reel jet and a chimney hose.  They used a thermal imaging camera to check for hotspots in the roof of the chimney and within the ducting of the mezzanine floor.  Firefighters only left once they were satisfied that the site was safe.  They were in attendance for just over 17 hours.  