 Large fire at a disused pub in Widnes Time of Incident: 09/07/2019 - 20:14 Location: Hough Green Road, Widnes Attendance: Four fire engine attended - one from Widnes, two from Penketh and one from Warrington - as did relief crews from Lymm, Chester, Crewe and Birchwood and aerial platforms from Lymm and Macclesfield Large fire at a disused pub in Widnes  At around 8.15pm firefighters were called to reports of a fire at a disused pub on Hough Green Road in Widnes.  Four fire engines were sent to the scene.  On arrival the crews found the former Sporting Ford public house alight and discovered that no-one had been injured as a result of the fire.  Firefighters initially used three main jets to fight the fire from outside the two-floor brick building measuring approximately 30 metres by 20 metres.  Three hose reel jets were also used to tackle the blaze.  An inner and outer cordon were set up for the safety of firefighters and members of the public.  A section of Hough Green Road was temporarily closed, between Bechers and Downside, whilst firefighters fought the blaze.  Police attended to manage the traffic and the outer cordon.  Due to the size of the fire, the site was split into four sectors by fire crews.  The fire breached the roof of the building. An aerial ladder platform from Lymm was used to enable firefighters to tackle to fire from above with a hose reel jet.  The road was reopened at 9.30pm and by 10pm the fire was affecting around half of the first floor of the building and its roof.  Firefighters gradually got the fire under control and by 1am the incident had been reduced to two fire engines and the aerial ladder platform.  Crews, aided by the aerial ladder platform, damped the pub down with water through the night.  The next morning a hydraulic platform from Macclesfield also helped with the damping down process.  A structural assessment of the building is carried out by specialists.  An aerial ladder platform was used to enable firefighters to strip the roof off the building so that they could access hot spots.  They damping down the cavities of walls with a hose reel jet and monitored temperatures with thermal imaging cameras.  After the cameras were used to inspect every part of the building and it was confirmed that there were no more hot spots, the incident was handed over to the owners of the building.  Firefighters were in attendance for around 18 hours.  