 Industrial fire in Warrington Time of Incident: 29/04/2019 - 11:25 Location: Rivington Court, Warrington Attendance: Ten fire engines have attended - from Warrington, Birchwood, Stockton Heath, Chester, Penketh, Salford, Wigan, Trafford, Alsager and Nantwich - along with an aerial platform from Lymm Industrial fire in WarringtonShortly before 11.30am firefighters were dispatched to reports of an industrial fire on Rivington Court, Warrington.  On arrival at the scene crews discovered a large fire in an industrial warehouse.  The roof of the building was well alight and had spread to a number of neighbouring units.  A full evacuation of Rivington Court took place and a small cordon was set up.  Five fire engines were dispatched to the site, along with an aerial platform from Lymm.  Four firefighters wearing breathing apparatus began using three hose reel jets to tackle the fire.  Residents in the local area were advised to keep their windows and doors closed as a precaution.  Update - 12.30pm  Crews established that the fire involved an industrial warehouse measuring approximately 20 metres by 20 metres.  The unit is part of a row of industrial units, which were all evacuated as a precaution.  Eight fire engines were in attendance at the scene and crews were using three hose reel jets and three main jets to tackle the fire.  Firefighters worked hard to prevent the fire from spreading to any further units by creating a fire break. This involves damping down neighbouring properties with hose reel jets to prevent fire from taking hold.  Police were also in attendance and Hardwick Grange road was closed while emergency services worked at the scene.  Paramedics were also at the scene, although there were no reports of any injuries.  Update - 1.30pm  Eight fire engines remained in attendance and firefighters had brought the fire under control.  Crews were working to fully extinguish the fire from outside the building due to concerns over the structural safety of the boundary walls to the adjoining units.    One person was treated at the scene by paramedics for minor smoke inhalation. They did not require hospital treatment.  Residents nearby were no longer required to keep their windows and doors closed.  Rivington Court remained closed. However, Hardwick Grange road had reopened.  Staff at a number of nearby units were able to return to their place of work, although a number of premises remained evacuated.  Update - 2.36pm  An investigation into the cause of the fire had begun with crews liaising with local authority building surveyors and local businesses.  Update - 3.48pm  Crews were damping down the areas affected by the fire.  A building surveyor was in attendance carrying out a survey.  Electricity and gas engineers were also in attendance.  Update - 5pm  Firefighting equipment had been reduced to one main jet and crews were preparing for the unit that the fire started in to be demolished.  A tactical plan for the demolition was being formulated.  Salvage operations were in progress at units affected by the fire.  Update - 8am  Firefighters continued to dampen down the area until shortly before midnight.  They have also removed the contents from inside the warehouse.  Update at 12pm  Firefighters completed a final check of the building using a thermal imaging camera and then handed the building to demolition contractors.   