 Industrial building fire in Widnes Time of Incident: 22/10/2019 - 15:52 Location: Tan House Lane, Widnes Attendance: Eleven fire engines, including relief crews, have attended - from Widnes, Penketh, Warrington, Stockton Heath, Lymm, Runcorn, Congleton, Birchwood, Powey Lane, Ellesmere Port and Audlem - as have an aerial ladder platform from Lymm and a high-volume pumping unit from Powey Lane. At the peak of fire there were six fire engines in attendance. Industrial building fire in WidnesShortly before 4pm firefighters were called to reports of a fire in Tan House Lane, Widnes.  Firefighters from Widnes were initially dispatched to the scene and on arrival they discovered a large fire in a single storey industrial building measuring approximately 50 metres by 20 metres.  Due to the scale of the fire an additional four fire engines were dispatched to the scene, along with an aerial ladder platform from Lymm and a high-volume pumping unit from Powey Lane.  Firefighters initially used two main jets to tackle the fire from outside the building.  There were no reports of any injuries and residents in the nearby area were advised to keep their windows and doors closed as a precautionary measure.  As a result of the incident Tan House Lane was currently Building fire in Widnesclosed in both directions between Warrington Road and Page Lane.  Update at 5.15pm Firefighters were making good progress in tackling the fire.  The crews were tackling the blaze in two separate sections using main jets.  They were also using an aerial ladder platform to fight the fire from above.  There was requirement for any evacuations. However, residents living nearby were advised to stay indoors and keep their windows and doors closed.  People driving in the area were advised to keep their windows closed and to switch off their ventilation systems.  Update at 6pm There were six fire engines at the site and crews were making good progress as they worked to extinguish the fire.  Firefighters were wearing breathing apparatus.  The fire was contained within the building and fire crews were expected to be at the scene overnight turning over affected materials and damping down the site to make it safe.  The gas and electricity supplies to the building had been isolated and there was still smoke in the area.  Tan House Lane remained closed between Warrington Road and Page Lane.  Update at 8.15am on Wednesday 23 October Firefighters, including those from relief crews, worked through the night dealing with the fire.  They brought it under control and turned over affected materials and damped down the site to make it safe.  They also monitored temperatures and looked for hotspots using thermal imaging cameras.  Two fire engines remained in attendance.  An investigation into the cause of the fire had begun.  Tan House Lane between Warrington Road and Page Lane, which was previously closed, had been reopened.  Update at 9am on Wednesday 23 October There was just one fire engine in attendance.  The fire was out but work was continuing to ensure that the site was safe and to establish the cause of the fire.  Firefighters were looking for hotspots using thermal imaging cameras and damping the site down.  Update at 1pm on Wednesday 23 October Firefighters were satisfied that there were no hotspots and the site was safe.  All firefighters left the scene at around 12.30pm.  Update at 3pm on Thursday 24 October An investigation into the cause of the fire is still ongoing but at this stage it is not thought to have been started deliberately. 